Add Decoupler to the pipeline (#460)
nf-core/differentialabundance: docs/usage.md

This tool is turned off by default, to turn it on set the parameter `--decoupler_run` to true.

### Input Files

Decoupler needs a matrix (mat) of molecular readouts (gene expression, logFC, p-values, etc.) and a network (net) that relates target features (genes, proteins, etc.) to “source” biological entities (pathways, transcription factors, molecular processes, etc.).

- The matrix will be taken from the results of the differential expression analysis performed by DESeq2, limma, propr, or variancePartition.

> - The network file must be provided explicitly via the '--network_decoupler' parameter. This file should be in long format and contain at least the source and target columns, with optional weight and sign columns describing the strength and direction of each interaction.

Reviewer: Just for everything to be named similarly, I would recommend to change this parameter to `--decoupler_network`. Therefore, all parameters will start with decoupler (`--decoupler_min_n`, `--decoupler_run`, etc)

Author: Done :)

### Parameters

The Decoupler module includes a min_n parameter to fine-tune its behavior.

- `--decoupler_min_n`: This parameter controls the minimum number of targets a regulator (source) must have in the network to be included in the analysis. Any regulator with fewer than min_n targets will be removed from the network before activity inference is performed.

By default, `--decoupler_min_n` is set to 5, meaning all sources with at least one target will be evaluated. You can increase this value to filter out poorly supported regulators and reduce noise.

Example: setting `--decoupler_min_n 5` will ensure that only regulators with at least 5 target genes are considered.

#### Network Sources

You can obtain regulatory networks from well-established databases and tools. Common examples include:

> - DoRothEA – transcription factor-target interactions (TFs)

Reviewer: Nice to have: URL / link to these databases.

Author: done :)

Example: setting `--decoupler_min_n 5` will ensure that only regulators with at least 5 target genes are considered.

- `--decoupler_methods`: This parameter lets you specify which statistical methods decoupler will use to estimate regulator activities. Decoupler supports multiple methods, each using a different algorithm or statistical approach. You can specify one or more methods by passing them as a comma-separated list.

Example: `--decoupler_methods` mlm,ulsm

#### Network Sources

You can obtain regulatory networks from well-established databases and tools. Common examples include:

- DoRothEA – transcription factor-target interactions (TFs) [DoRothEA](https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/release/data/experiment/html/dorothea.html)

- CollecTRI – curated transcriptional regulatory interactions (TFs) [CollectTRI] (https://github.com/saezlab/CollecTRI)

- PROGENy – pathway-responsive gene signatures (pathways) [PROGENy] (https://saezlab.github.io/progeny/)

If you want to see the full list of available methods and functions, refer to the functions's [official guide] (https://decoupler-py.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notebooks/benchmark.html#Multiple-networks).

> **Note**: Decoupler is only supported for human or mouse datasets. Please ensure your organism is compatible before enabling this module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Then resources mentioned above are provided only for human or mouse datasets. Please ensure your organism is compatible before enabling this module or provide a custom, species-specific dataset. 
```
